Yes.
On the left?
Meya.
Yes.
I’m Akin.
We talked on the phone.
Yes.
May I ask...
You…
We met three months ago.
It was just a one-night stand.
He told me he already had someone.
What do you want?
We agreed on the phone to end it.
But when I found out…
I just want him to know
before I decide anything.
I’m not asking for anything.
Have you talked to him?
I think it’s between you two.
You two should talk directly.
I only want to know
how this happened.
Hello, Than. What are you doing?
Thinking about you.
Stop teasing. Tell me.
Just finished basketball practice.
What time is it there?
Here? Almost eleven.
Cold?
Very cold.
So when are you coming back?
This coming Sunday.
Oh, then school starts right away.
It's okay.
Do you want anything from here?
Nothing. I just want to see you.
So clingy. Have you been naughty?
No. I came back right
after practicing.
And visited my parents. That’s all.
Good. Good boy.
- If I know you are...
- I’m always your good boy.
Both in front and behind your back.
You can trust me.
I should go now.
That's my number.
Tell me if you need help.
Or should I not tell him?
Maybe it’s better
if he never knows.
Then it ends for real.
Cutting ties completely.
It’s something only you can decide.
I’d rather not comment.
Excuse me.
You live alone.
And the room is so big.
So I hope to ask you
for a place to stay.
I think I found a new face
for this product.
Get the girl named Nene
to be our model.
Alright. I'll let her do it.
- Good job.
- Well done, kids.
Help me understand everything.
I don’t know how to feel
to see you again like this
with your son.
Not knowing might be better.
How is he?
The doctor said
it’s nothing serious.
But he wanted a full check.
His head may have hit the ground.
He will be fine.
He’s with the doctor now.
Yes. Mawin will be fine.
I’m sorry.
If I hadn’t asked him to play,
this wouldn’t happen.
It’s okay.
It was an accident.
No one wanted this.
Are you tired from
shooting all day?
Take her home first.
I want to stay with you.
I want to wait for him too.
Thank you.
Take her home first.
She must be tired.
Alright. Let me know
if anything comes up.
Nene.
Let’s go home first.
Mawin, do you hurt anywhere else?
No, the doctor said not to worry.
CT scan shows his head is fine.
And the soft cast on his arm
will heal ina few days.
Thank you, doctor.
Please come to the counter.
There’s medicine and
insurance papers to sign.
Okay.
Everything’s fine.
You two go ahead.
She should rest.
Alright, I’ll go now.
Goodbye, Uncle.
Goodbye.
I’ll go now. Get well soon.
- This way, please.
- Okay.
- Mawin’s fine now.
- Sorry, where’s the finance desk?
Thank you.
Mawin.
Mom.
How are you?
I was shocked when he called me.
I’m okay. It hurt a lot at first.
It barely hurts now.
I’m sorry I didn’t
watch him well enough.
It’s alright. Accidents happen.
Kids are playful.
Right? You were being playful, huh?
How about staying with me
while you recover?
Won’t you be busy?
I won’t. I have an assistant now.
Good. I can hug you
every night again.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Thought there’d be more of you.
It’s group work.
They all left already.
Just left a moment ago.
You guys drank too?
A bit. Celebrating the project.
What happened to your neck?
Not sure. It’s itchy though.
Let me see. Yes, what’s that?
We brought snacks to your room.
Ants were everywhere.
Really?
Yeah.
I’m heading up first.
Excuse me.
See you.
Let’s go. Have you eaten?
Ants? Really?
Why does it look like that?
It was ants.
If not ants, then what?
I don’t know.
It doesn’t look like ant bites.
Ants, really.
Her room had tons of ants.
They ate snacks.
So the ants swarmed the place.
I want the truth.
Who made that mark?
I told you — ants.
You think I did something?
Anyone would think that.
I’d never do that.
You know how much I love you.
Why would I ruin our relationship?
Do you trust me?
Mm… I trust you.
Don’t say that word.
Answer properly. Do you trust me?
Give me a kiss.
I would never cheat on you.
Never even thought of it.
Really.
Overthinking makes you age faster.
Smile like this lollipop.
Smile again.
Wider. Just a bit more.
Wider smile.
Enough.
Let’s go.
Then I did this pose.
And this one.
This pose, then this one.
- Wow.
I’m a big star now—
a professional model.
Then I need your autograph now.
You’ll be too busy later.
Please sign for me.
Oh, me too!
Everyone wants one.
Give me one too.
This is prettier.
This one is clearer.
Could sell for a good price.
Do you really want to live
with Grandpa and Grandma?
You don’t want to live with me?
You’ll have a baby sibling soon.
You can help me take care of it.
Not my sibling.
Of course it is. Why not?
Don’t pressure her.
You have a new family.
She’ll need to adjust there.
And the baby coming too.
Let her stay with us.
This home is her home too.
Right?
Do you want to go with me?
Let’s see which room you want.
See what I prepared for you.
Wow.
Let’s go.
Please look after her.
She refused to go with me at all.
Maybe she doesn’t like Steven much.
Don’t worry.
We’ll take good care of her.
Send us updates from over there.
Think of this place
as your family too.
Okay. Thank you.
Excuse me, Nene.
Do you have a personal manager yet?
Uncle Than already booked me.
- Oh.
- 50 off from me.
50 baht.
- 50 baht?
If I don't manage well,
will I get fired?
Not sure.
Now there's hope.
Please consider it.
Dad, are you stealing my job?
How’s the new gym branch going?
Not doing well yet.
Still low customers.
Probably because
the economy isn’t great.
People are busy working,
not focusing on health.
Guess we need to rethink our plans.
Slow and steady.
Is his gym nice?
It’s nice. Lots of equipment,
even treadmills.
Really?
I helped him with guests.
- Wow, impressive.
- Eh?
Did you help or just cause chaos?
Chaos.
Nene.
Please eat some sausage,
and consider my proposal.
You've got a gift for her.
We missed our target this month.
This location is the best, though.
What do you think it is?
- Hi.
- Hello.
Wow, I really need to work out.
Hello.
The gym is so quiet.
Quiet isn’t good.
If it stays like this,
we won’t see each other anymore.
Oh, then that’s bad.
Alright, if today you post
and tag the gym,
I’ll give extra points.
No post, no tag, no points.
Nut, make sure to check.
Anyone who doesn’t post
or tag will lose points.
Yes.
Got it, let’s do it.
Take the picture now!
Now, start with me!
Post it!
Boom!
Lifting weights is heavy,
but lifting my heart is heavier.
Lift weights every day,
hoping to win your heart.
Get used to the gym,
so I can eat without limits.
Exercising because boss told me to.
Done.
- Thank you.
Posted.
Done too, but if the likes go up,
will there be any extra rewards?
Okay.
Awesome, thanks.
I posted too—both photo and clip.
- Great.
Is Akin not coming today?
He took leave.
He said he's sick, can't get up.
So he's working from home.
Oh, I see.
Let's go.
- Ready, bro.
- Let's go.
- Go.
Fai, this way.
Go, get to work.
Yes.
All done.
I turned off this section.
Please turn off the rest.
Wanna grab dinner?
So we can discuss the new plan
as Too suggested.
- Can we do tomorrow?
- I’ve got stuff today.
Stuff? Going to take care of Akin?
Matters of the heart come first.
So where does work rank then?
What do you mean?
I get it—love is important.
But stability in life is
just as important.
Don't chase him so hard
you ruin your own life.
But sometimes what's inside...
It drives our life too,
don’t you think?
Or am I wrong?
Yeah.
Go on.
I’ll handle things here.
I’m always rooting for you.
Are you alone?
Yeah.
Easy to guess from that look.
Heartbroken, huh?
Welcome to single life,
but not lonely.
Do you think...
Someone can disappear
from your life
without any reason at all?
Yeah.
We deserve to know why they left
if we are worthy enough.
Leaving without a word
hurts even more. Damn it.
Don’t overthink it.
He didn't love you, so he left.
Simple as that.
If he loved you,
he wouldn't leave. Right?
Nice to meet you.
I’m Nut.
Than.
My name is Than.
I had a boyfriend.
We haven’t broken up.
But I think I’m single now.
What?
Porridge. I made it myself.
Mawin’s not here. Take it back.
I made it for you.
Too said you're sick.
Thanks, but it’s nothing serious.
Nothing serious, huh?
It's not nothing.
Have you taken meds yet?
I was about to
until someone bothered me.
Have you eaten anything?
Not really hungry.
You should go. I’m going to sleep.
What are you doing?
Checking your fever.
Like in Korean dramas.
You’re burning up.
Eat, take medicine,
then rest, okay?
I can eat by myself.
Your KPI will drop this month.
Skipped the gym
and even got sick leave.
- Adjust my evaluation score.
- No.
I’m loyal to my duty.
How’s my porridge? Good?
Honest answer or sugar-coated?
Come on.
I’ll give it 10 points.
Out of 100.
At least it’s not negative.
Don’t be dramatic.
I can eat myself.
You’re really burning up.
Shouldn’t you see a doctor?
Food and meds should help.
I’ll be fine.
Done eating?
Have a bit more.
I’m full.
Then take your meds.
How long have
these dishes been here?
Leave them. I’ll wash them later.
It’s fine. I’ll take care of them.
When Nene’s not here,
my room feels so quiet.
Is yours like that too?
Do you cook or just buy food?
I think…
You fell asleep, sick boy.
Excuse me.
Get well soon.
Leave it.
I’ll wash after this game.
Don’t leave it dirty.
Your soft hands might
get ruined by dish soap.
Then come help.
Wait, almost done.
Put worn clothes
in the white basket.
Laundry service will pick them up.
No need to wash.
They iron and return twice a week.
I don’t have many.
I reuse them first.
Warm milk helps you sleep better.
Who said I’m sleeping?
You washed all the dishes?
Yeah.
I was about to help.
Do you have work tomorrow?
Meetings all afternoon.
So your morning’s free.
Meaning… you can get up late.
What?
A massage. Good?
Yeah… feels good.
Shall we move to the bed?
I can massage better there.
Do you even use what you bought?
Some things are just nice to have.
When you need them,
they’re right there.
Not for everyday use, but…
Important when needed.
No wonder this room has everything.
At least…
It makes me feel like
I lack nothing.
Unlike me.
I lack everything. I have nothing.
Really?
Your back is stiff too.
Yeah.
How’d you learn to massage?
Nothing special.
Just a few small skills.
Alright, flip over.
What are you doing?
Is that too naive a question?
Just small set.
Big meetings tomorrow.
Meetings at 1 pm. Big set, please.
- Two
- One is enough
Otherwise, I won’t wake up.
So don’t poke me like before
in the morning.
Let morning handle itself then.
And now?
Prasertsakulchai.
Enough. Morning class.
You have class, I don’t.
You shouldn't have turn 18.
Once you unlocked, no holding back.
Before, you feared the law.
Now you must enjoy your rights.
Dating someone younger is tiring.
Tiring, but do you love me?
Yes.
If we can marry someday…
Will you take my surname
or I'll take yours.
Thinking too far.
Better to be prepared.
Thanwa Theerapanyakul.
Akin Phongdej.
Better you take my surname.
- Marry in or out?
- Not sure.
So it counts as
living together first?
Even before ripe, huh?
Let me taste.
Ripe or not?
Than, no.
Going to shower for class.
Come on.
What’s up so early?
Bro.
Check the pics I sent.
Sure.
What’s that?
Why does Mavin have
a different surname?
I don't know.
Well, you work at that office.
Help investigate.
Okay, that’s it.
Going back to bed.
Who called so early?
Nothing. Go back to sleep.
Where are you going?
Taking a shower.
Wait.
What?
- What?
- Poking.
Why?
Add some energy to the morning.
Have a nice day.
That’s not enough.
One more, please.
- No.
- It won't long.
No.
You like it rough, right?
Please.
Hmm.
Not too long, okay?
We must leave by 10.
How much time do we have?
15 minutes.
Perfect. Timer starts.
You didn't go back to your room?
I wanted to but
I fell asleep unknowingly.
Feeling better now?
Can you work today?
Much better.
I’ve prepared breakfast.
Go back to your room. No gym today?
I’ll go.
Thanks for staying up last night.
Consider it returning the favor
for watching over me.
We’re even now.
Still here? Go back already.
You’re still using your
original surname, right?
Yes. What’s up?
Then why doesn’t Mavin
use your surname?
That’s a family matter.
Ah, a secret.
I'm having a shower.
You can leave now.
You always dodge my questions.
What’s the matter?
It’s none of your business.
Oh, or actually…
Mavin isn’t your son?
- But he is…
- Why do you care?
So I don’t need to know anything?
Is that it?
You…
Some pain
doesn’t heal by digging it up.
It heals only when we forget it.
Can you really do that?
I can’t.
I never forget anything about us.
Believe me.
Let the past stay where it belongs.
Nothing gets better
by digging it up.
If something is broken,
I’m ready to fix it.
If I made mistakes,
I want to make them right.
Just tell me.
Will you give me a chance?
Someone asking just for a chance
because they never valued
the chances given before.
Get out.
What you're seeing
is a bag made from tie-dye
shibori from Phayao.
Inspired by the sunlight reflecting
on Phayao’s river crane.
Very special.
It can also unfold into
a multipurpose cloth.
- Show me. Wow.
- Here.
It can be detached on both sides.
- Yes
- Wow, nice!
Is this one
supported by the Department
of Business Development.
Exactly, And it’s 100%
singular fashion.
Using leftover fabric
to make valuable products
- Wow, nice.
- Very nice indeed
- I love this kind of work
- Very chic
Take it to Japan.
Contact buyers directly.
- Got it
- It sells well in Japan.
Definitely.
We need to take photos too.
- AJ, take photos for me.
- AJ.
Hey, AJ.
You know what we just talked about?
Where the fabric came from?
- Chiang Mai.
- No.
Where?
- Chiang Rai.
- No.
Alright, one each, stress relief.
Stressed about sales
not reaching target?
Or about Akin?
I don’t get it, man.
Sometimes things seem to improve.
Sometimes worse than before.
Which issue is this?
Gym or your ex-boyfriend?
Akin.
I’m lost here.
Old issues unresolved,
new one unclear.
I want to apologize to him.
I don’t even know what I did wrong.
I want to fix past mistakes
but he never told me
what I messed up back then.
Hope and disappointment
keep switching back and forth
that I don’t know
whether to move forward
or step back.
Trying to love someone again
without knowing what you did wrong
is like running after something
in a dark room.
Love is never easy.
Especially loving
the same one again.
It’s tough.
I think the second
or third one is better.
Don's car is coming.
Why is it parked on the roadside?
If he's here, get ready then.
Yes, got it.
The sauna theme.
Than.
The building management
sent a letter.
They want to change from
collecting GP from our revenue
to charging rent by actual space.
Starting next month.
They probably think
revenue share isn’t worth it.
Can we afford rent by space?
Based on the brief,
the client wants to present…
It’s not too late, right?
Sorry about that.
The car I took dropped me midway
so I had to walk,
very inconsiderate.
He should have dropped me
a bit closer, my bad.
Sorry. Alright, continue.
Based on the brief,
the client wants to show strength,
good health, and modernity.
This model is a famous influencer
we found now.
He’s also a bodybuilder.
The second person is a foreigner.
We tried several types,
Thai and foreign.
The third is
a trending celebrity right now.
He’s good, looks genuine.
Not like just
photographing a model.
He looks like
a normal attractive person.
This one is okay.
He's the most distinctive
among all of them.
This one looks Thai enough.
And his eyes convey meaning well.
This one has done skin shoot.
Another, if you look closely,
one side of the face is bigger.
He’s older in real life.
His skin isn’t like this,
probably heavily edited.
For on-ground activities,
he might look too mature
for the product.
Are you in a hurry?
Why does this set seem
easier than the last kid’s shoot?
Pond.
Actually, the last look...
AJ, stand up.
Me?
Thai, good build, unique.
It works. I’m fine with it.
Oh, okay.
Let Akin review the others.
Then send them for my pick.
I’ll discuss with the brand
and update soon.
Sure, I’ll send this evening.
Alright.
Thanks for the info and feedback.
Mr. Photographer.
My pleasure.
Ouch.
Wow, so strong.
Hidden muscles, AJ.
From intern to model now.
He’s shooting next week,
so he’s training hard.
- Khamin
- Yes?
Check on AJ, please.
- Sure
- He might get hurt.
Okay.
Alright, come here.
Khamin will take care of him,
don’t worry.
How many sets for me?
Another two sets, please.
- Two more? And done?
- Yes.
- Okay
- After sets, then dyeing.
Oh gosh, dyeing my hair, right?
Yes.
Increase incline a bit
and add speed.
Hold here with both hands.
You can track your heart rate too.
Come on, I wouldn’t prank you.
You need more cardio time.
Your heart rate looks strange.
With this rhythm,
no way your heart is steady.
Great job.
Next in the program,
shoulder workout.
Hold it, hold it.
I think if you build shoulders more,
it'll be great.
Look at mine.
It's still warm to lean on, right?
Okay, two more, lift.
Pond, check the logo for me.
Nice. Holding with one hand works.
Hold on, Pond.
Add more here
so the muscle line shows clearly.
Thank you.
Wow, you work instantly.
Won’t you help her apply the oil?
Not skilled. I’m usually
the one getting oiled.
Anything else to adjust?
Be careful with
the product logo placement.
Pond, watch the reflection.
Okay, Pond?
Okay.
Alex’s first set is done.
Is the next model ready?
If ready, come to the set.
Yes, all set.
- See you.
- Take care of him.
Next is AJ.
Oh, I can’t wait to see
how he looks.
Here he comes.
Wow.
Hello, AJ.
Didn’t expect you’d look
this good fully styled.
I’m a model today.
Not an intern.
Wow.
Please take very good care of me.
Get on set. Stop posing.
Make sure to do it well.
May I interrupt?
What?
Fei, the other model,
still isn’t here.
Then call him.
I did. He didn’t answer.
Call his manager.
I did. No answer either.
Fai. Give me the number.
Okay, I sent it.
Hello, hi.
This is Too from Beyond Perfect.
Where are you?
Yes, today.
The team is already at the studio.
No, today.
Could you come now?
What? Out of town?
Can you make it back in time?
Hello? Hello?
- Fai
- Yes?
His manager said she wrote down
the wrong date.
She thought it was next week.
Who booked him?
I did. But I’m sure it’s correct.
We have documents.
But look at this.
He posted this half an hour ago.
I texted the organizer.
Fei was at event since the morning.
Can he really do that?
Ditching us to take another event?
Fai, blacklist him.
- I will.
- Don't call him anymore.
Yes.
So what do we do now?
We sincerely apologize, Mr. Don.
We’ve never dealt with this before.
Me neither.
So we’d bring you the best
alternatives for you
to consider.
These are Than and Nat.
- Hello.
Take your shirts off.
Come on, quickly.
Please.
Thank you.
These two are totally fresh.
They’ve never represented
any products before, right?
I’ve reviewed this product before.
And this one too.
Oh… I see.
What about Than?
- Never.
- There you go.
What do you think?
What will Nat and I be doing?
Oh, very simple.
You go in,
get makeup and hair done.
Then on set, pose,
hold the product, just that.
Maybe apply some oil too,
little things like that.
Easy, right?
So I have to get makeup, hair,
and oil applied too?
Yes, so you look manly.
You’re always shirtless anyway.
It’ll look manly.
Okay, but I have one condition.
If you agree, then I'll agree.
AJ, last set.
Give me a handsome pose.
Okay.
I want some coffee.
No caffeine, with milk.
But not cow’s milk,
goat’s milk instead.
AJ, stop being annoying.
Pose properly
or you’ll fail your internship.
- Akin.
- Yes?
The model booked for today
ditched us and took another job.
I understand
it’s our responsibility.
- But we must fix this now.
- Yes.
I proposed a new model to Mr. Don,
and he agreed.
If he agrees, then it’s no issue.
But our model wants
to speak with you.
He wants the brief, right?
Sure, no problem.
I’m not sure, something like that.
Talk to him for me.
Sure.
- Thanks.
- Yes.
- Hello, Fai.
- Hello.
Hello, Akin.
Fai will brief you on what
you’ll need to do.
But Too said you would
be the one briefing me.
And I haven’t agreed yet
to do the shoot.
- Fai.
- Yes?
May I speak with Akin privately
about the shoot?
Sure. I’ll go check the set.
Thank you.
So are you shooting or not?
Stop dragging it out.
I told Too I want to help.
I’ve never done
anything like this before.
I’m completely new.
So you’re taking my first time.
And I have to go shirtless, too.
Plus people will be applying
oil on my body.
I’m not comfortable with
random hands touching me.
But it’s the client’s product.
- Or I will ask...
- I understand.
I didn’t say I won’t do it.
But the person applying oil on me
must be you.
I don’t feel safe when
other people touch me.
I’m a bit protective of myself.
You should understand.
Fine. Go get ready.
One more thing.
You must have dinner with me
for one week.
In exchange for helping
your shoot go smoothly.
If you don’t want to, it’s fine.
You can find
another pro model.
- If you can…
- Okay, okay.
That’s all?
One more thing.
What now?
A deposit first,
in case you bail on me.
Go gentle, okay?
My skin is sensitive.
I'm protective of you.
Me too.
Can you tell me?
What did I do wrong?
Do you feel anything?
If you feel uncomfortable,
just say it.
I’m ready to move out.
Do you hear me?
You can knock back.